In addition to getting the paper proofed professonally, we prioritised our revisions in line with the AC's recommendations.  

In accordance with the AC and R3's suggestions, we eliminated the two large tables in the paper, and the small table on data sources (formerly Table 2) to allocate space for revisions. To make up for removing the tables, we supplemented the textual description of PS.2 with a high-level summary of findings of the second prestudy, and a discussion of the data sources in the Methodology section (which were originally presented in the second table).

Under Background, we introduced mention of several notable systems from the CHI/UIST community pertaining to end-user data integration, end-user programming, and mash-ups.  We emphasised the connection between the "non-programming" e.g., direct-manipulation approaches and the approach we designed for DP. We hope this will adequately address both Reviewer 2 and 3's concerns pertaining to connections to relevant work.

To improve the description of the methodology, we made an effort to clarify the motivation for the study design, and re-worked the description of the trials to include detail previously omitted concerning the precise information given to participants during each task.  This was to address R2's concerns regarding the connection between the lab study and our overall goals. In addition, we significantly tightened the Discussion section to eliminate redundancy and to focus on the connection between the measurements reported and the way that each related to the core hypotheses presented. 

Based on R3's suggestions, we mentioned the potential for introducing assistive (automatic matching) algorithms as well as crowd-powered approaches to helping people solve tricky partial- integration problems.  In particular, we mentioned our current work in this space, but due to lack of space, did not delve extensively into our current efforts.  We are considering way to use interaction traces of DP to identify places where multiple individuals using the DP interface can help others who later look at the identical same data set identify places that consolidations might be appropriate.

Finally, we have improved the figures, including expanding to full width Fig 1, and increasing the font sizes of Fig 1, 2, and 5 for readability.  Please let us know if there are any further improvements or clarifications that can to be made.

